Hello! Here's the solution to exercise 85.
And here you were asked to create a script that prints the countries_raw.txt file.
This is supposed to contain a list of countries, but it also has lines such as A, a brake line here.
Top of Page and so on and so forth.
And you want to clean, to remove those lines so that you ended up with this clean file of countries only.
This is how you do it.
And let me explain the code so I'm reading the countries_raw.txt file and creating a list
out of that file.
So a list content. Let me print that out as soon as I create the list here to show you how the list
looks like. 85.
So this is the list.
Here is A, the first line, and then the brake line. And then Afghanistan, Albania, and so on Algeria, and so forth.
And each of these countries they also have this \n' which is a brake line, a special character
and you want to remove that as well.
So what I'm doing here is I'm using these comprehensions to iterate through the items of the list and
apply things like strip
in this case, so for the first list comprehension, I'm removing the \n'  characters from all
the lines.
So all of them have such a character so it's wise to remove that first.
So remove those characters for i.
For i in content if, this is that. It's good to have the comprehension generic.
So if there is an item without this character we're sure not to get an error to interrupt our script so that
shall remove the backslash from our list. I can print it out again.
And you see now that's there are no \n' characters there.
OK.
And the next thing I'd do was I used the list comprehension again so I'm building a list.
I'm saying that's put i in the list for i in content.
If i is not an empty string. For instance you have this empty string here.
So what I'm doing is I'm saying put i in a list
if i is not an empty string.
Otherwise don't put that in the list.
So I'm updating the contents list and putting all the items that are not empty strings in there.
And after that
what I do is I remove the strings
Top of Page using the same comprehension as as this one here.
So it's exactly the same.
And you can check the intermediate results at this point if you like and you'll see that there are no
empty strings now, but you still have these letters, so  O P and the countries as well.
So you want to remove the letters now and leave the countries. So how do you do that?
Well, the letters
what specific attribute do they have?
Well they have a length of one.
That's what I thought about.
If your imagination is better than mine you could find some other attributes.
So this is what I did.
Leave i there if the length of i is not equal to 1.
And so that will remove
all the single letters from the list.
Then what I did was I created a new file, and then I iterated through the clean list, and then I wrote
those lines in the list plus a brake line so that they are separated each in a separate line.
This was the script.
I hope it was clear and I'll talk to you later.